DOC: Update README with build instructions (#52)
InsightSoftwareConsortium/ITKIOOMEZarrNGFF: README.md

inclusion in the ITK build process.

### Prerequisites

- [CMake](https://cmake.org/)
- [Perl](https://www.perl.org/)
- [NASM](https://www.nasm.us/)
- An existing C++ build of [ITK](https://itk.org/)

### Building

ITKIOOMEZarrNGFF uses CMake for its build process.

```sh
# Create the build directory
> mkdir path/to/ITKIOOMEZarrNGFF-build
> cd path/to/ITKIOOMEZarrNGFF-build

# Configure the project
path/to/ITKIOOMEZarrNGFF-build > cmake -DITK_DIR:PATH="path/to/ITK-build" "path/to/ITKIOOMEZarrNGFF"

# Build the project
path/to/ITKIOOMEZarrNGFF-build > cmake --build . --config "Release"
```

### Testing

ITKIOOMEZarrNGFF tests may be run with [CTest](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/ctest.1.html):

```sh
path/to/ITKIOOMEZarrNGFF-build > ctest -C "Release"
```

### Wrapping

See the [ITK Software Guide](https://itk.org/ItkSoftwareGuide.pdf) for information on wrapping ITK external modules for Python.

### Additional Notes

ITKIOOMEZarrNGFF depends on a fork of Google's [Tensorstore](https://github.com/google/tensorstore)
library for Zarr interoperation. The [InsightSoftwareConsortium/Tensorstore](https://github.com/InsightSoftwareConsortium/tensorstore)

> fork implements additional functionality to maintain in-memory OME-Zarr stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fork implements additional zip support, both for filesystem and in memory zip reading and writing.
```
